EXAMPLE:
Ex1 : 
"One London distillery, nine stills and as many botanicals make The World’s Most Awarded Gin, under the supervision of the world’s most experienced Master Distiller, Desmond Payne.

A quintessential London Dry Gin, Beefeater has a remarkably clean flavour, with a bold juniper character that is balanced with strong notes of citrus.

Based on Founder, James Burrough’s original 19th century recipe, the botanicals in Beefeater London Dry are steeped for 24 hours prior to distillation resulting in a complex, yet perfectly balanced gin of depth & integrity.

With over 200 years’ distilling heritage, Beefeater Gin was born and bred in the heart of London, where it remains today, as the only historic dry gin still distilled in the city."

---

Ex2 : 
"Beefeater Pink Strawberry is our vibrant strawberry gin. It’s made using the same recipe as the original Beefeater London Dry (The World’s Most Awarded Gin), with an infusion of natural strawberry flavouring to give it a fruity, strawberry twist.

The soft fruit flavours of strawberry tune perfectly with the classic notes of juniper and citrus to produce a finely balanced contemporary London gin with a hit of sweet strawberry.

Simply pour over ice, add tonic or lemonade, and garnish with fresh strawberry slices – or use in any of your favourite gin cocktails."

---

Ex3 : 
"In 1876, James Burrough hand-selected oranges from London’s Covent Garden market to create an orange flavoured gin. It was this recipe that inspired the creation of Beefeater Blood Orange 143 years later.

The fresh citrus flavours of blood orange tune perfectly with the classic notes of juniper and citrus of Beefeater Gin. The result is the bold, finely balanced, contemporary Beefeater Blood Orange Gin.

Simply pour over ice, add tonic or lemonade, and garnish with a wheel of blood orange and a sprig of basil – or use in any of your favourite gin cocktails."

---

Ex4 : 
"Discover Beefeater 24, our botanical flavoured premium gin. Beefeater 24 boasts a unique blend of 12 natural botanicals which creates a complex and harmonious aroma, whilst introducing a rich, smooth balance of fine flavours on the palate.

Elevated botanicals and an elevated distillation process."

---

Ex5 : 
"A herbaceous twist on the classic Beefeater London Dry Gin.

Inspired by the variety of plants, herbs and flowers cultivated at London’s Apothecaries’ Garden (also known as Chelsea Physic Garden), which sits just a stone’s throw from our Kennington distillery.

Beefeater London Garden is handcrafted using the classic 9 Beefeater botanicals with the addition of the flowering herb lemon verbena and thyme. Our most herbaceous gin yet."

---

Ex6 : 
"Burrough’s Reserve Gin is testament to the fact that doing things differently can create an exceptional outcome. A premium barrel rested gin for those who are looking for something new, something rare and hard to find.

Gently distilled and then rested in red and white Bordeaux oak casks after distillation, Burrough’s Reserve emerges with a copper hue and a complex depth of flavour.

Each limited edition batch created is unique. A product of our hand-crafted approach to distillation. We only create a limited number of bottles for release, so if you see one, buy one. You won’t be disappointed.

Burrough’s Reserve is a liquid to be enjoyed neat."