Accor’s strength is rooted in our innovative spirit and our mindset of openness. It drives us to dare and constantly reimagine hospitality looking ahead, creating new ways to welcome guests, to meet and anticipate clients’ evolving needs, and to deliver value for our partners and stakeholders. And it drives us to lead the way in shaping a more sustainable hospitality, taking action to make a positive impact and inspiring all stakeholders. Our hospitality is not just a warm welcome, but a profound connection. We truly listen to our Talent, our guests, our partners, our communities, and the changing world around us, always seeking new ideas and inspiration, fostering meaningful connections among people and sustainable growth.

We Dare to Challenge the Status-Quo
Daring takes imagination, boldness, future-focus. Our culture of innovation embraces disruption and places audacity at the heart of our everyday thinking. Building on our transformation into a holistic ecosystem of hospitality services and experiences, we continuously craft new and truly distinctive experiences and services and build on the power and legacy of our brands – for example, the unprecedented expansion of the legendary Raffles brand and the reinvented Orient Express train – while pioneering in new markets such as co-working and continuing our all-encompassing digital transformation. With an organizational structure designed to focus innovation where it brings most value and drives most growth, we advance to undisputed leadership in all segments.

We Care for People and the Planet
Our spirit of openness and innovation empowers our commitment and care for our people, our communities and the environment. Building on our longstanding commitment to sustainability and our ambitious vision for responsible hospitality, we continuously create and deliver new solutions and opportunities to make a positive impact. From being the first hotel Group to commit to net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, to identifying sustainable alternatives to transform our procurement, from creating the industry-first Reveal Talent program to foster social mobility, to pioneering new ways to protect and promote local ecosystems and cultures in our communities, we embrace innovation to lead and inspire change and build the sustainable hospitality of tomorrow.
